Create ManageEngine AD Self Service Plus pack (#30853)
demisto/content: Packs/ManageEngine-ADSelfServicePlus/README.md

<~XSIAM>
# ManageEngine ADSelfService Plus
This pack includes Cortex XSIAM content.

## Configuration on Server Side

> You need to configure ManageEngine ADSelfService Plus to forward Syslog messages to XSIAM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You need to configure ManageEngine ADSelfService Plus to forward Syslog messages to Cortex XSIAM.
```

Follow the below steps:
1. Log in to ADSelfService Plus as default Admin.

> 2. Navigate to **Admin** → **Product Settings** → **Integration Settings**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Navigate to **Admin** > **Product Settings** > **Integration Settings**.
```

> 3. Click the Syslog Server tile.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Click the **Syslog Server** tile.
```

4. Enter the details including Syslog Server Name, Port Number and Port Protocol. 
5. Select CEF for the Syslog Standard.
5. Click **Save**.

Note:

> Make sure that the time zone of the logs will be set to UTC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure that the time zone of the logs are set to UTC.
```
